c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Mir.dll.config
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Mir.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Mir.pdb
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\obj\Debug\Mir.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\obj\Debug\Mir.dll
c:\users\anita\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Mir\Mir\obj\Debug\Mir.pdb
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Mir.dll.config
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Mir.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Mir.pdb
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\obj\Debug\Mir.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\obj\Debug\Mir.dll
C:\Users\anita\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Mir\Mir\obj\Debug\Mir.pdb
